.TH TekNap 1 "Tuesday, July 1, 2000" "TekNap 1.0" ""
.SH NAME
TekNap \- The Only Alternative
.SH SYPNOSIS
.B TekNap
[-anpcrvHACNS] [nickname] [server list]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B TekNap
is a console Napster client.  It has powerful scripting features based on
BitchX(1) and EPIC(1) scripting, support for both Napster and opennap
servers, and a full-screen browse/search mode.

.B TekNap
1.0 20000701

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I -a
Adds default servers and command line servers to the server list.
.TP
.I -n [nickname]
Nickname to use.
.TP
.I -p
Request password to use.
.TP
.I -r [filename]
Use [filename] for the server list.
.TP
.I -v
Tells you about the client's version.
.TP
.I -C
Create an account on the server.
.TP
.I -N
Do not auto-connect to the first server.
.TP
.I -S [refnum]
Starting server to use.
.TP
.I -A
Talk to napigator.com and download the server list from there.
.TP
.I -H ip
Specify a ip to use for the connection. Also called a vhost.
.TP
.I -c
Set's napster.com compatibility mode
.TP
.I -s
Windows only. Runs a setup routine which directly modifies autoexec.bat

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.BR TekNap
uses a few environment variables to configure the client.  These can be set
accordingly depending upon which shell you are using.  If you use BASH(1),
ZSH(1) or KSH(1) you use the syntax: export VARNAME="value" and place it in
either ~/.profile or ~/.<shellname>rc.  If you use CSH(1) or TCSH(1) you use
the syntax: setenv VARNAME="value" and place it in either ~/.profile,
~/.<shellname>rc.  Below is the the list of variables.
.PP
.TP
.BR NAPNICK
Default nickname when connecting to a server.
.TP
.BR NAPPASS
Default password to use when connecting to a server.
.TP
.BR NAPSERVER
Default server list, space delimited, server:port:nick:pass:meta.
.TP
.BR NAPPORT
Default server port to connect to.
.TP
.BR NAPPATH
Same as
.B LOAD_PATH
setting.
.TP
.BR NAPLIB
Path of the library of scripts.
.TP
.BR SHELL
Shell to use.
.TP
.BR SHELL_FLAGS
Shell flags for default.
.PP

.SH OBTAINING
The latest version of
.B TekNap
is always available via anonymous FTP at the following address:
.B ftp.teknap.com
or via the webpage at:
.B http://www.teknap.com
.PP

.SH MAN PAGE AUTHOR
dialtone
.B <dialtone@chemlab.org> <dialtone@opennap>

.SH TekNap Author
Colten Edwards
.B <edwards@teknap.com> <q@opennap>
